Add kavenegar sms provider (#3764)
novuhq/novu: providers/kavenegar/README.md

> # Novu Kavenegar Provider
> 
> A Kavenegar sms provider library for [@novu/node](https://github.com/novuhq/novu)
> 
> ## Usage
> 
> ```javascript
>     FILL IN THE INITIALIZATION USAGE
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Novu Kave Negar Provider

A Kave Negar sms provider library for [@novu/node](https://github.com/novuhq/novu)

## Usage

```javascript
    FILL IN THE INITIALIZATION USAGE
```
```

Also usage is missing. 🙏🏻
